# U1.W2: Chrome Dev Tools Challenge Reflection

* Describe the Document Object Model? What about it makes sense to you? What doesn't? What seems good and bad about it?
* How did using Chrome Web Tools to look at your site and a wordpress.com site compare?
* Did you find Chrome Web Tools fun, helpful, or a pain to work with?
* Did you have an "aha" moments or were any concepts solidified?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.
* 

It was a bit of a struggle to finally wrap my head around the order of html documents. That is, I didn't really understand the hierarchy of the syntax - where everything should be relative to everything else. I wasn't really sure how to link html files to css files but, the second half of this exercise cleared that up for me. Maybe this is gonna sound weird but, I think I really like html/css so far :)
I like that, in html, it's not necessary to put "" around sentences that you want displayed as is necessary in ruby. Html seems pretty simple and straight forward to me. Perhaps this is becasue I'm a n00b. "Simple and straight forward". That is the sort of feeling that should make any novice raise an eyebrow in suspicion. I like that html is separate from css. I think it makes it much easier to track errors and edit content or styling. I find myself a little starved for methods. In ruby, if I want something to be capitalized, I just have to say, "hey!".capitalize, for example. I don't think this kind of convenience exists in html - you have to edit css in order to account for styling. As I said, I don't mind the separation. But, I do feel lazy sometimes and css requires keeping track of dimensions which is kind of hard for me at this point in time. Html also gets VERY long VERY quickly. I don't know if I've ever written a program in ruby that's over 150 lines but, I have in html! So, it can get hard to keep track of where you left off. Elements aren't that distinguishable from one another in html.
Chrome tools is really cool. It's nice to be able to see what's going on under the hood of someone's website, so to speak. My site looks very simple. I think it's a good thing that the html looks so readable but, then again, I don't have half the content of the page I looked at. I don't know what happened to my css! It's so short and there's very little about it listed. It barely looks anything at all like what I wrote. The site I looked at on wordpress had very complicated looking code. There were all kinds of links embeded and, frankly, a lot of it went over my head. Humbling. To say the least.
As I said, I like chrome tools and think they're fun but, I'm annoyed that my beautiful css from my website didn't show up in full, or even close to it for that matter. Hrmpf. Confusing and frustrating in equal measure.
For this exercise, the biggest challenge was getting the link to my css right. I finally figured out (aha!) that I have to consider the path my link is taking. So, since my css was in a file within a file, I had to account for that in the link step-by-step.
